without talking about it first.
How many times have each of us said
I could kill you for doing that?
Or if you do that once more, I will kill you.
We say it every day.
It doesn't mean we are going to kill someone.
Maybe no reason
but let's look at this boy's,
situation. Kicked around all his life,
his mother died since he was nine,
his father in and out of jail.
This boy has grown up in
the school of Hard Knocks.
He wild, and angry. You know why he's like that?
because someone knocked
him on the head once a day, everyday.
He's had a pretty terrible 19 years.
We just owned him a few words, that's all.
Well, what if the boy's story is true?
We'd be condemning him to die on false testimony.
No, but maybe they think they saw
something when they really don't.
It's possible. The women claimed to see
the murderer from across the street,
just as the lights went out.
She is claiming that she could
recognize this boy from 60 feet
away as the lights went out.
What if she thought she saw him
but it was really someone else.
I like to ask you something.
You don't believe the boy. How
come you believe the woman?
She's one of them too, isn't she?